I like to find exceptions of rules.
The things that expose our assumptions about how the world works,
and confuse any computer system that is not prepared for it.
For example: streets have street names, right?
Okay, some people will say right away:
no, there are many streets that do not have names.
In rural areas, for example, or in developing countries,
or the type of roads indicated by a number or a letter.
And some of you will say: oh, yes, and Japan then?
Most of Japan does not name its streets; it names and numbers are blocks of houses,
and moreover, it is more complicated than that ...
Anyway. In a Western European country such as Germany,
in the center of a big city like Mannheim,
you would expect that there are street names.
No. Welcome to the exception to the rule.
Here in the Quadrates of Mannheim, the squares of the city center,
have only a few main streets names.
Every other building is referred to by the square on which it stands, as part of a grid.
The western half receives the letters A through K; the eastern half L to U,
followed by the number of blocks counted from the center.
So you can have C4, or in German "ð•®ðŸœ" [see-four],
which explains why the museum that stands here is called Zephyr.
Given the German reputation for humor, that is a pretty good multilingual wordplay.
None of the modern card makers know what to do with this.
They would not have a problem if the whole country would work with a different system,
but a 'mix and match' in the same area,
in a region where, as far as most people know, this is not normally done.
they simply can not handle it.
Google and Microsoft get confused and give multiple names every way.
Apple insists that each road has only one name (and are completely wrong with that)
but yes, it is Apple Maps.
OpenStreetMap, which is run by a community, recognizes complete addresses, but not the individual blocks,
although that will probably be restored within a few hours after the release of this video.
This is also not a modern invention.
This is not something of future-oriented city planners that rebuilt after the Second World War,
or planners from the 80s who walked past themselves.
While the numbering patterns have changed over the years,
this piece of Mannheim has for some time been in some form of block numbering.
Why would you change it just because some programmers do not know how to put it in their database?
The programmers have only been there for a few years. This city has existed for centuries.
An address here in the Quadratus is really just a number, a block,
Mannheim, Germany.
Even if some computers do not believe it.